this Thursday in the grotto settlement
de Lourdes we visited the house where
a 48-year-old patient resides
Oncológico Francisco Peña had been
visited a few hours ago by staff
of public health that attends
systematically this man is a son
adoptive of the housewife who
received when he was 10 years old
there in this two-story ranch in the
settlement eight people live
including two girls and the boys
teenagers there are also 28 dogs 3
horses hens and pigs
many of those animals contain inside
of the house with the people included
this man that all the time is in
the bed that doctor came to well a
doctor saw it
how do you have back
nurse and what he said later he was going to
come again today they come to cure but
that did not materialize because he has wounds
to the earth
and not one that does not have to do with the
Water
the hostess received us annoyed
because on Wednesday we indicated
underlined that he sent to recreate
teenagers in charge because you
you got mad because you left at the beginning
because you think you're going to get the
lines are great but you send
work the goats good then what
is the problem